If spec (#6296)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/ops/condition/If_8.md

## If <a name="If"></a> {#openvino_docs_ops_infrastructure_If_8}

**Versioned name**: *If-8*

**Category**: Infrastructure

**Short description**: *If* operation contains two internal networks(subgraphs) such as `then_body` and `else_body`, 
and performs one of them depending on `cond` value. If `cond` is  `True`, `then_body` is executed. If `cond` is  `False`, 
the operation executes the `else_body` subgraph. 

**Detailed description**

*If* must not contain empty subgraphs. Each of them must have at least one operation `Result`. 
Also the number of outputs from *If* always must be greater than zero and equal to the number of outputs from each subgraph.

**If attributes**:

* **Subgraphs**:

    `then_body`/`else_body` are subgraphs that are executed depending on the `cond` value. 
    The subgraph is described operation by operation as a typical IR network. 
    The subgraph has parameters (`Parameter` operations) and results (`Result` operations).
    
    * **Subgraph's parameters** - inputs to the subgraph which associated with *If* inputs via *port_map*. 

>     The subgraph can have any number of parameters (even zero).

Reviewer: Can we use here word "input" instead of "parameter"? I think that the word "input" explains what is this node for much better than "parameter".

Author: done

>     The number of parameters for the subgraph can be any (even zero).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The subgraph can have any number of parameters (even zero).
```

    
    * **Subgraph's results** - outputs from the subgraph which associated with *If* outputs via *port_map*.
    The subgraph must contain at least one result. Each *If* output is associated with one result from the subgraph. 

>     It follows that number of `then_body` results is the equal to the number of outputs from the *If* and 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Therefore the number of `then_body` results is equal to the number of outputs from *If* and 
```

    the number of `else_body` results. 

>     Type of the subgraph result and type of the associated output from *If* must be equal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The type of the subgraph result and the type of the associated output from *If* must be equal.
```

    

* **Port maps**:
    
    *port_map* is a set of rules to map input or output data tensors of *If* operation onto the subgraph data tensors. 
    The `port_map` entries can be `input` and `output`. Each entry describes a corresponding mapping rule. 

>     *If* has two *port_maps* - `then_port_map` for `then_body` and `else_port_map` for `else_body`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    *If* has two *port_maps*: `then_port_map` for `then_body` and `else_port_map` for `else_body`.
```

    * **Port map attributes**:

        * *external_port_id*
            * **Description**: *external_port_id* is a port ID of *If* operation.
            * **Range of values**: IDs of the *If* inputs and outputs
            * **Type**: `unsigned int`
            * **Default value**: None
            * **Required**: *yes*

        * *internal_layer_id*

            * **Description**: *internal_layer_id* is a `Parameter` or `Result` operation ID inside 
            the subgraph to map to.
            * **Range of values**: IDs of the `Parameter` or `Result` operations in the subgraph
            * **Type**: `unsigned int`
            * **Default value**: None
            * **Required**: *yes*

**If Inputs**

> * **cond**: A scalar or 1D tensor with 1 element of `boolean` type specifying which an subgraph to execute. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **cond**: A scalar or 1D tensor with 1 element of `boolean` type specifying which subgraph to execute. 
```

`True` value means to execute the `then_body`, `False` - `else_body`. *Required*.

> * **Multiple other inputs**: tensors of different types and shapes. *Optional*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Multiple other inputs**: Tensors of different types and shapes. *Optional*.
```

**If Outputs**

> * **Multiple outputs**: Results of execution of one of subgraph. Tensors of any type and shape.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Multiple outputs**: Results of execution of one of the subgraphs. Tensors of any type and shape.
```

**Body Inputs**

> * **Multiple inputs**: tensors of different types and shapes. *Optional*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Multiple inputs**: Tensors of different types and shapes. *Optional*.
```

**Body Outputs**

* **Multiple outputs**: Results of execution of the subgraph. Tensors of any type and shape.

**Examples**

*Example 1: a typical If structure*
```xml

>     <layer id="6" name="PartitionedCall/model/if/cond" type="If" version="opset7">

Reviewer 3: nit: not necessarily to have TensorFlow specific names for layers. Please call them using simple names.

>     <layer id="6" name="PartitionedCall/model/if/cond" type="If" version="opset8">

Reviewer: Please, use shorter name for the node. The same comment for line 102

Author: done
